Web Serial,
this one is even more low-level.
It's a very low-level API that will let
you communicate with any serial device
connected to your computer.
This is for computer,
desktop computer, not phones, okay?
USB, Bluetooth, or whatever serial you
have, whatever connection you have, okay?
This is a very, very low-level.
It's built on top of the existing
serial protocol, okay?
So every operating system supports that.
It requires user's permission,
of course, to receive and send data.
Who is using web serial directly?
Not a lot of devices.
And this is the one that Apple says,
I don't know why we are doing this, okay?
So there are a couple of scenarios,
mostly for drivers, to update devices.
But for that, instead of Web Serial,
we also have Web USB.
Web USB, it's another low
level API that is targeted to
device vendors,
not to normal web developers, why?
Because in this case, the device shouldn't
be registered by the OS with the driver.
So you connect a new device and
the OS doesn't know what that is, okay?
Well, you can go to a website, and
that website can connect to that
USB device based on the firmware.
So communication with your USB
devices with the computer.
And then you can read and
write data directly without the need for
custom drivers or
software installed in your computer.
So you can use this to update
the firmware of a device, or
use the device without any kind of driver.
So you probably won't be using
this API unless you work at
the hardware company, and
this is Chromium only.
So if you're thinking why Web Serial and
Web USB were created,
this is just my opinion.
But we need to remember that Google Chrome
has also an operating system,
Chrome OS, that is the operating
system empowering Chromebooks.
And on Chromebooks, sometimes,
you don't have a full Linux
operating system for the user.
There is a Linux behind the scenes,
or at least part of it.
But the idea was to add APIs to
the web that can solve some problems,
such as connecting to a special 3D printer
that yeah has no software driver for
Chromebooks, but
still you can use it from a web app.
Okay, that's kind of idea,
it's a very low-level API.
It will, of course, require user's
permission to access these devices.
You communicate device settings,
you can update the firmware and
access all the device data with
a very low-level API, binary data.